what's going on everyone Victor here
welcome to my world and today I'm going
to show you a great item that I just
picked up recently yesterday basically
gonna let the game stop I went in there
to find a new game to play but I found
something else instead of a game and
it's freaking awesome I'm going to show
you that item right now
open this here start on the hash your
hands at the camera go take those out
here any glasses up close and personal
there they go
look at those legs those are freaking
awesome it's all about the glitter for
the light look at those man but I was so
hyped when I seen these in the store
in-game stuff I was like dude I have to
get these sorry the other one I froze to
get to the side oh do we do that me that
over some more help
look at that here we go you taller those
glasses man now I don't know if I'm
going to use these to drink out of most
likely probably not just using for
decoration when I get my little office
and everything they probably sell them
in my desk but not right now I record
videos in my kitchen as you can see the
kitchen table is broke their long story
on how that happened put in our
attention but anyway that's the UM the
link glasses from The Legend of Zelda
and then show you the box one more time
is for agents 14 plus the Senate back
here so if your age for tuning up that
your pairs of grab you these I don't
know games ought to still have them
available but they had them on clearance
when I was there so
was pretty hard about that everyone
that's my product today the link glasses
I freaking love them I still don't know
what I'm gonna do with them yet like I
said I might just kill him in my office
desk or like when I do the office don't
have one at the moment I do record my
kitchen at the moment so anyways if you
like these glasses you want to see more
videos like this I have a couple of
things that I saw box as well too so
leave a comment in the comment section
below let me know when you picked up
lately from Gamestop or in the other
place right don't forget to Like comment
and/or subscribe to my channel for more
great content and also hey welcome to my
first kind of video it's gonna be a lot
more coming by the way please